# Meeting 1

# Weekly Progress
* Had a look at how the new Scribble paper adds clock constraints and models time. The core syntax was updated following these notions to make it easer if StMungo was updated at the end of day. 
* Internal choice is fairly easy with just X added before it, each label into the external choice also has a clock constraint as this matches the external choice found in the Scribble paper. 
* The delay primitive choice has been added as this will be the way to model the passing of time by methods in the java class.
* Delay action and rule added to runtime syntax, not complex 
* Started thinking about the notion of subtyping and how you would subtype clock constraints and reset predicates. Wrote down a few rules for subtyping constraints but my logic may be off. Changed the associated type with a class to be C[(v,S)] were v is the timings of the clocks. 
* Explored the idea of adding a timeout primitive but decided against it in the end
* Two ways of inferring for the subtyping, could infer the clock values from a class (from delays) OR the clock constraints (leaning towards just the values).
* Transition on typestates updated, needed the notion of rdy.
* Starting working on the join operator but confused on the exact use of it, but will figure out more when going through the inference section again.

* Today and next week will be updating the inference rules, starting with a better understanding of how they work. 


# Questions
* How exactly does the join operator work? - Will get more information when working on it next year
* For typestate inference, it seems to work backwards, is that correct? - but can also be read as going forwards
* Happy with progress / direction? - yes

# Minutes 
Join would likely be the meet for time. Meeting went well and progress is going well. 