# Meeting 2

# Weekly Progress
* Add a new typestate type called "Typestate Inferred" which is identical to a normal typestate but it is augmented with time functions V, like (v,SI) where v is used to capture the delays. This intuitively means that (v, SI) all actions in SI were performed at global clock time v. 
    * This typestate does not require v to be added so would not type the orginal stack differently. 
* A delay rule was added for the inferrence rules that updates all class paths with v.
    * This will add time information even to classes declared against a nontimed typestate, strengthen subtyping rules have been added to address this
* A new clocks helper function was drawn up to find all clock names for a declared subtype S. This will then update the initial clocks for subtyping, however need to be careful we don't add v when not required.
    * Can also be done in another way without a helper function where each v keeps a global clock which updates and then for conditions (and resets) that have a new clock we add that clock to v with the global clock time.
* Subtyping relations defined for inferred <: declared, inferred <: inferred, and the start of declared <: declared. However declared subtyping may not be required for the paper.
    * The notion of pushing time down was added, with an 'update' function
    * Rules defined for the cases where time is present and isn't, with the combination between them.
    * Subtyping reset functions are more difficult
* Join operator updated for declared subtyping, no issues. Clock constraints make the function unique so don't need the notion of a 'meet' for time constraints. 
* Join operator for inferred typestates not too bad apart from different branches that have separate delays.



# Questions
* What is the runtime syntax needed for? Is it just to give the semantics for how the calculus would progress?
* The need to s = sbt s' instead of just matching 
* A lot of rules have been added as the notion of time is optional, is there a way to simplify it such that it is covered in the same rule?  (show example)
* Happy with progress / direction? 

# Minutes 
