# Meeting 3

# Weekly Progress
* Inferred type can now have "branches" of multiple time paths, {(t, I)}
    * Subtyping and Join rules updated for this
* Changed and "refactored" the subtyping relationships to move towards (t,I) <: (v, S) where v contains the clocks for S, instead of I. I now only contains a number t which simplifies the subtyping rules and more closely follows the time literature
* Updated the typestate inference rules (expressions)
    * Delay rule the major addition with New-Time and New-NoTime added 
* Subtyping rules were added to allow I <: S (without clocks)
* Reduction relation relation rules added the delay rule 
* Inference rules for class definition were updated to follow I but this was before I understood the use of the rules. They will need to be updated for S instead. 
* Inference rules for runtime 
* Typestate transitions for inferred and Declared 
* Started adding all the rules to LaTeX, (much longer than expected)

# Questions
* The subtyping rules can work for I <: (v,S) even when S doesn't have clock constraints. It may be easier to still type against I <: (0, S) for S when it never has any clock constraints.
* When is the Class subtyping rule used? 


# Minutes 
Good progress overall. Will spend next week cleaning up LaTeX file and looking at how to improve the inference system for classes and methods. Examples should also then be made to check that the system works as expected. 

Clean up LaTeX file
* Make macro for optional stuff 
* T's can just match in one of the subtyping rules
* Clean up positions of the figures in the file